# Tamas-Meszaros---Erasmus
My project for Manuel

Day 1.)
Today I planned the design of my website and I started to write the code of it. My website will be a website of an imaginary gamer café, named "Co-op Café".
The main colours are brownis-yellow and white. I used ChatGPT to write the texts on the webpage. As for the pictures I download some from the internet and I made one with DALL-E 2 AI.
My plane for tomorrow is finishing my website and maybe make better design on it.


Day 2.)
Today I continued my website. I made better header on the top of the website. in this header there are 3 option. You can go to the "Home" page (default), "Prices" page and "Gallery" page.
All of the pages are responsible. If you click one of them, you will travel that page. These are the details of each:

Home:
This is the default page od my website. Here you can learn about the Café itself, it's equippments, and it's offers.
From this page, you can travel to "Prices" and "Gallery" pages.

Prices:
On this page there is a price table with the menu. You can read here what meals/drinks does the café offer with their prices.
From this page, you can travel to "Home" and "Gallery" pages.

Gallery:
On this website you can see photos about the Café (there is 4 photos).
From this page, you can travel to "Home" and "Prices" pages.

Besides the pages and the header I made a footer. It's simmilar to the header, but there you can see social media icons, the email address, the phone number and the address of the café.
Every of them are responsible (except the phone number). If you click one of the social media icons you will travel to that website (Facebook, Instagram, TikTok).
If you click on the addresses, you will also travel their own websites (Gmail, Google Maps).

I am satisfied with my work, but I will fix everything if Manuel will find problems or has any idea to expand or upgrade my website.

Day.3)
Today I continued to upgrade my website. I made a whole new page that is only accessable through the second photo on the Home page. On this page you can see a list of games that are available in Co-op Café.
This list is built up from 3 parts. The name of the video games, the platform of the video games and a photo about them. If you clcik any of the photos you will travell to the website of that video game.
Beside this I made some tiny changes on the site like:
-New font styles
-Every pages have their own unique header image
-If you click on the third picture on the Home page (a picture of a coffee and a sandwitch), you will travel to the Prices page
-The site has unique favicon (the logo of the café)
I think that's all that I can add to this site with my knowledge
